Sun Shao will never let you go
Do you think I'm still as proud as I used to be?
How do you think I look like?
Doesn't Mr. Sun like you?
Within three days
Give me 3 million
3 million
I've spent more than 300,000 on you before
Now you're worth ten times more than I am
Excessive if I don't want money
Just live your life against my will
Bah
3 million didn't want a dime
I won't let you lie down today
My mother doesn't punch
Shameless judge for me
Kill the boy
Hurry up!
Xiaofan, take a break
It's okay to hide, Uncle Chen, trust me.
You go up first
Oh, Xiaofan, are you stupid?
Why are there so many people?
Chen Geshan only fought
No fight
I'd like to see some of your answers.
Will it be more suitable than the Japanese back then?